Miss Song, you haven't figured out your position yet, have you?
Do you really think that I will marry a woman I don't love for profit?
No, no.
No, I really like you.
I want to marry you.
Excuse me.
Do you want to marry
I don't want to marry
No no
Miss Song, you and my brother were childhood sweethearts
You also know him best
He became what he is now
It's not entirely his fault, actually.
What does that mean?
He raised a woman named Su Nan
I don't know what he did
Let my brother be well
The vice president of Fuji Group went to work as his assistant
If he can quit
Miss Song, if you want to marry my brother
The obstacles must be cleared first
Sunan
Mr. Su, the person in charge of the Song family has arrived
Waiting in the conference room
Okay, organize the plan for me, and I will not talk about it in person.
Hello, Miss Song, I am Sunan, the person in charge of docking with you this time.
This is the plan you gave me
Take a box of trash used in it to fool
Mr. Su, you are taking my wig for a fool